chore(pie-docs): DSW-123 adds figma mcp docs for design review - this… (#2768)
justeattakeaway/pie: figma-mcp.md

# Figma MCP and Code Connect

## Summary - What is Figma MCP?

Figma MCP is Figma's Model Context Protocol server. It allows supported MCP clients such as VS Code and other AI coding tools to authenticate with Figma and retrieve structured design context from files, frames, and components.

That context can include things like:

- selected frames and layers
- layout structure and spacing
- component and variant information
- design variables and tokens
- Code Connect mappings to real code components

Figma currently recommends the remote MCP server for most teams. The desktop server exists, but is mainly intended for more specific enterprise use cases.

## How to install

The Figma MCP is a server that runs locally and provides design metadata to the AI agents. It can be configured in different ways, depending on the coding tool used. The MCP server can be started from the Figma desktop app or from the coding tool, depending on the setup.

!!! info "Note the owner of the Figma file" 
    The availability of the Figma MCP server depends on who owns a particular file. Trying to run it on files that don’t belong to the organisation will lead to limitations

> It's better to follow [Figma official set up instructions](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/32132100833559-Guide-to-the-Figma-MCP-server) as they can change. We capture here the two most used in JET, but keep in mind this may change in the future: 

Author: ```suggestion
It's better to follow [Figma official set up instructions](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/32132100833559-Guide-to-the-Figma-MCP-server) as they can change. We capture here the two most used tools in JET. We don't have a preference on which to use, choose the one that fits better your workflow. Keep in mind this instructions may change in the future:
```
